Ralph Buckey versus another dude I'm giving a shot to.
It's only one dude that belong in this spot - and it's not you.
Glock shoot and put a hole in Ratchet big enough for a [inaudible] to hop through.
Rico, what's up?
It's not what you thought it was going to be.
Let's talk plug talk.
Let's talk slide.
Let's talk pain.
Let's talk losses.
Let's talk dying.
Matic squeezing.
Dudes done died and some ain't have a reason.
So when you go missing and they start calling you Jocelyn Hernandez, you just another Ratchet.
I guess this 30-shot Glock clip would do.
If I'm not in the mood, when I don't rock with a dude, do not misconstrue and think I got patience for you - but the hospital do.
I get you wet with a TEC.
Special effects in my flesh.
So much blood you could fill up a bathtub.
A revolver full of shotgun shells.
I pistol-whip him and now his DNA all over that snub.
Now look - I'm Jeffrey Lamar Williams.
I just beat a Rico with a black judge.
This could get bad for him.
[inaudible] your plug.
I hustle drugs so my brother and sister could walk the stage in designer and never have to sell a bag for it.
But your rap description - you clap it, flipping, cooking, bricking, had a war path in prison.
Ironic: a dude with such a criminal record can lack conviction.
Y'all peak fool, watch.
I get you shot.
Arms missing, legs missing.
I get you chopped.
First 48 reads, they can't find him.
And the detective said, "There's no Ratchet in the toolbox."
I'm from a cruel block.
It's like Bad Boy versus Death Row, cause I seen a dude ready to die over a Biggie, and watched a dude get killed over a Tupac.
Got 62 flat.
This is a true fact: if they ain't kill him, he was helping them build a RICO on the crew track.
Well, let's just say they caught the state's pigeon and he never flew back.
I go to war with Rico, squeezing the quattro or the quarter cinco.
I let it rain with a MAC, so no matter where I find him, I could literally make it Puerto Rico.
I'm just trying to put this man in a casket and gain the slide-stop notch.
It's ceramic and fabric.
Remove the firing pin, switch the barrel, mainly trash it, or say forget it - just throw the can in the Ratchet.
And y'all watching Ralph versus Rico.
I want y'all to know I been knew how to dismantle the Ratchet.
You a boxer.
I'm a pit bull.
We look same, but different breeds.
We both Beamers, but I'm an M-Class, and you won't know until we switch the speeds.
Me and my gun thick as thieves.
I squeeze.
You run like a nose when it bleeds.
The Glock 24 with 12 - like Christmas Eve.
I'm [inaudible] wigging like a prostitute in a lace front.
Roll up on you and it can get weird if it's smoke.
Feel like you hit a laced blunt.
I put my region on my back.
I told [inaudible] to trust the process and stick with me.
You can tell the dudes that believe in my drive, cause those are the ones that's still in the whip with me.
May 2020, CNN showed me something in the Cali penitentiary.
That's when COs was going crazy, and it was a get-out-of-jail-free call, so dudes was willing to die to kiss the streets.
Me? I was proud looking at dudes recreate history.
Some of y'all look clueless.
Don't worry.
I'll help y'all with the mystery.
I just want y'all to know that I was sick, and wasn't good until all my dudes was as sick as me.
Beef with me is a bad issue.
Mad pistols.
You think you a crash-out until I pull up and make it like a slumber party.
What's that? Nothing but me and a few friends show up to his crib to crash with you.
Mad punches.
Don't let a jab hit you.
Mad punches.
Don't let a jab hit you.
Mad punches.
Don't let a jab hit you, cause I'ma spaz out.
And you like car fraud, cause I don't believe your claims of how you crash out.
And I'm like Madden - West Coast offense - cause you know I come equipped with a shotgun, and I can make you catch a bullet like a pass route.
Somebody should open the pearly gates for him.
Who said he ain't dead yet?
Bow.
You can wait for him.
This dude was almost a no-show, so it's obviously no doubt that I'm fired.
But I got a similar story to that.
My dudes can call me out if I'm lying.
I caught a case with my Cody.
He started crying.
He was in that county compliant.
So when they let him out to set me up on a recording, I had to put a bounty for hire.
So when the star witness ain't show up for court, the DA was stressed.
He was ready to sit it down and retire.
So basically what I'm trying to say is: I'm used to dudes not showing up when it come down to the wire.
The crowd and these dudes so [inaudible].
I can put him to cloud with this MAC.
Chromebook - headshot - no cuff.
He got his soul took.
They ain't even find his body for the funeral.
His family be so shook, cause they ain't even going to get to see him pass.
It was a no-look.
[inaudible]
I'm no rook.
You ain't half the man I am.
You can't even shake my hand.
Charged it out in court.
You know how to take a chance.
It's times I thought I was walking out of court.
The DA changed my plan.
But in that prison system, that's where I was made a man.
I was transporting that patty wagon so much, now I take over.
I hate to take a ban.
I had to stop drinking sodas.
It's so much, I started to hate the can.
I be losing my patience.
So that talk'll get legs clapped, get your head tagged.
You want to gamble with life?
Ask about Ralph.
You don't need a strap to save them.
You don't need a gun to get activated.
Plenty faces start on that yard, hoping that the captain save them.
So the plenty times that I go with a gym star, like a practice player.
[inaudible] Captain player.
Your big fraud ass.
They say all I rap about is jail and drugs.
I can't help that I had a hard past.
I'm sitting on large cash.
Dudes broke and hurt when that bag in their face - car crash.
My resumé speaks for itself.
I ain't got to broadcast.
I'm not an expert, but my opinion is y'all doing the wrong math.
Kinda sat plenty rappers down like a podcast.
Every time they try to stop my run, quick to get the 44 to 40 - no yard dash.
I was taught not to fear dudes, cause it got scary in my projects.
No playing.
You move on some weird stuff, and I'm a flare [inaudible].
And all y'all gonna hear: I left Buck in the middle of the street like a deer hit, then hit him with that Izzy dead kick.
That's what you get for getting in my lane.
I tried to tell you dudes was different now, and the [inaudible] is not the same.
Man, my dudes be putting in that pain.
So somebody tell Ralph Tresvant: I'm not a new edition here.
Since kids, we been spinning in the rain.
You better stop playing with my name, cause I'm about to get Buck up out of here.
I send a fiend through a battle venue looking like Witty to get Buck Buck out of here.
Don't get shot in here.
This could be your time to go.
It's crazy, cause I like the G Boys.
I feel like y'all kinda dope.
But when it come to the G-Unit, he the weakest in the camp.
He really don't matter.
[inaudible]
I want the smoke.
