They say, "Why you always talk about prison in your flow?"
Cause all of my bids was a different ride.
Every time I turned around, I was gripping knives.
It's times I thought I was going to make it out that bitch alive.
Cause when beef brewing, you got to cook it.
You got to cook that shit with pride.
When they label a dude food, you got to make him a full-course meal.
And you got to pick a side.
That's why I got a twisted mind.
But now I'm on a different grind.
That's why the boss in here.
Since the last time you seen me, I've been traveling all over the world, going to war with tears.
So little Bucky better get lost somewhere.
Cause just like a group home, I ain't really give a fuck about this kid.
I was a foster kid.
So what we talking here?
I'm from a different place.
My mom be in a different state.
You ain't from where them killers stay, and you had to demonstrate.
You got to shine up the hood so much, y'all fucked up the real estate.
Nah, I been with them here, and Killer H.
So you better leave this shit alone.
If we was locked up together, I wouldn't even let you use the phone.
Every spot I was in, I was the one who set the tone.
I was recruiting dudes from other gangs and bringing them to my own.
My mind was that backwards.
I was just like a back-catcher: I was throwing them signs and bringing them home.
So you way out of your zone.
You from upstate where all the prisons at.
Your town is live.
You from Rochester.
That's by Windy Correctional.
That's where they got some of my wildest guys.
So I got to take that five-hour drive when it's time to slide.
I'ma shoot you, then slide to the D-floor, use visitation as my alibi.
Every venue I got the 40 cal inside, so I could show you what that steel about.
I could get you shot.
It ain't worth getting you killed, cause I wouldn't get no points for this.
You not even real.
So chill out.
Now if this boy start ripping, I'm going to send them shooters on a mission.
His mother had morning sickness - that means this boy a victim.
My shooter said they got to go way upstate; I'm going to have to give him more to tip him.
I'm like, "Why is that?" They said this shit so far, depending on what city they find him in, it might be higher from his cost of living.
So when the boss talk, listen.
Don't get clapping for Yak.
You ain't ready for these ratchets we packing: AK-47, AR-15, 5.56, 7.62.
It sound like a tracking package.
It sound like I'm packing a package.
I'm really a savage.
So don't make me do something I'm going to have to regret, cause we got a chop in the car that hold a hundred.
I can make this battle a mess.
That mean I can put a buck on Buck like a match and a bet.
And this Buck came with attachments like a Cash App request.
And that's on the set.
I never worried about who rapping the best.
That's why when this shit got rescheduled, I ain't put up a fuss.
No, not once.
Cause I was going through some real shit myself.
No, I cannot front.
My [inaudible] just took a hot one, so I had to shop around till I got one.
I even took a couple losses.
A couple dudes' cribs I had to pop up, cause when I threw it in a pot, I ain't like the way that it rocked up.
I'm like a CO in the day room.
I was pissed.
It took forever to lock up.
This a mismatch.
Give me the ball - I got one.
I came up on free lunch.
Your big ass look like mama used to make you a box lunch.
But since you look like Warren Sapp, let's say you know the formation.
When you see the shotgun - not run - cause when you run, missing you is a slim chance.
When it go down, you stuck like quicksand.
I ain't got to shoot you.
I give a bag to my hitman.
Cause every time he get a body, he get some new rats implants.
[inaudible]
It's hard to be around some ratchet with a fire pin.
