Matter of fact, you listed that whole list and can't put him in hell. He couldn't even get the first lady flames.
But forget angels in the outfit and fighting on Christmas. I'm going to put a vampire and a devil in disguise. It's going to feel like Halloween.
Cuz after this they going to say, "Bro, hey, y'all reacting to a show. Hey, angel's in the outfield bar when he played for the Dodgers."
So lame. But I'm the one over here hitting you from the right and hitting you from the left and making this my home plate. I am that nice.
You want to know what I don't understand? The Japanese.
How you be thinking you snapping when you rapping.
Meanwhile, I'm over here catching Z's just looking at smacking bees.
Like y'all actually pay these whack MC's.
I wouldn't listen to this cat rap if the download the app was free.
$7.99.
$7.99.
$7.99.
The combo come with a two-piece like Captain D's.
And this battle was over before the second round like Cass and E.
You know what he don't understand? I'm strapped with a black M. Watch how you act, Jack squeeze.
I let a Glock blow with your top, bro. Now while a Dot Row with the repass, wearing matching T's.
He can't rap with me.
Actually, I'll be putting these rappers in a bag casually.
And I'll be putting your favorites in trunks.
You faking a funk. You seen how I got it shaking with rum like Dares.
This dude just took his shirt off in an event full of men.
I feel like he running with 12 like a middle school gym.
It's all love like when tennis begin. He feel invincible then.
I ain't stressing my dude. Let this be a lesson for you.
I split your egg in two like identical twins.
It's like I signed a contract for Lux. I'm locked and loaded. Papa toasted.
How he talks so much bad stuff about God making excuses. This my last for Jack Boy, mine is a doofus.
This man rolled up weed in a Bible page and smoked it in front of Saga.
It's lame and so stupid. You did something God hate.
I'mma do something the devil hate and later tonight I'mma pray for your lupus.
Look, I ain't come to get personal with you. I brought in the bars for you and every person that's with you.
I tell them call me in line. God is good.
