Six was clapping talking all that cracker stuff.
Said I was enslaved.
That's where he get the napping cuz he doing all that enslaved stuff.
But he had to use Viola Davis and diss a black woman to get reaction.
That's kind of trash.
That's why y'all got me pissed off reacting to this lame line.
Just put Jay the Nightwing in a box last night out of my insane mind.
So it can be omnipotent.
I'm the president. I'm in two places at the same time.
I said you all hit my phone like what? Who can you beat on two weeks notice?
I told him Fawns Ununice Chess that clutch cat radio silence.
A week later I heard Lord who can you beat on seven days notice?
I told him Zeke Rod Ghost Young Black I ain't hear nothing for a couple days.
I text Beast hit Troy up like we setting something up Smack.
They said Ward who can you beat on like 72 hours notice?
And yo what up Jack?
I said this ain't a grudge match. They wanted to make a movie.
I wanted a short deposit.
Main character only getting award because of how good y'all are at supporting artist.
Now you're a target and don't nobody got the rebel in three.
Doc Row and the Goonies is the only people that see you as a special MC.
Doc Row and the Goonies are the only people that see you as a special MC.
He told Danny Myers I'll pass you the sticks.
I want to play the game with you.
The devil is weak. You can't pass me the sticks.
You're not on the same level as me.
This is effortlessly.
It's crazy y'all named the event outside five.
Cuz I made the call to bring you outside.
Five.
Six shooter. How many bullets coming outside? Five.
And when they dropped that Cody list my name don't be outside.
I said I am a visionary.
Two caskets in the same weekend got them thinking how much can this Christian carry?
But what mainland is in a what?
Two caskets in the same weekend got them thinking how much can a Christian carry?
But what mainland it's like a foreign language.
I'm more of a missionary.
Y'all know they say the devil is in the details right?
No. The devil's in a funeral home. The details are in the obituary.
Stop acting like this kid is scary.
I said I already watched Lo bruise your chin.
I'll beat you black and blue devil if you want to use the dukes my friend.
Cuz Carlos it's deeper. It's deeper than that.
I'll beat you black and blue my friend.
If we got to use the dukes my friend cuz Carlos already sun you.
I'mma truly win.
And between you and I one of us is clearly better. Like the Boozer twins.
I am the sports bar king. Forget what you heard.
I'm here to take the league by storm. Like Sue Bird. Two words.
So forget all that and all that rapping dummy.
I just got hired at the company you work for.
I'm doing half the work and get you getting half the money.
I said I would never trade my soul.
They hit my name for this bill like pay by phone.
I looked at the contract. It was highlighted on the page.
I know it said 230 with no grace.
So I decided to fold my hands and say my own.
That's one.
