Smack. Yo. Hell. Let's go, Jack. I said Kimsey, Kimmy, Kimmy. Welcome to hell. Well, smack let me do what I want, so I tend to stretch mines. And y'all church vans got Chris on biases. And y'all burn bitches like that vet shine. Y'all John John three sixteen, all of y'all women in bullpen your best dimes. So I welcome you and your Glock 40 bitch because for that amount of shit, hell got tech knives. What I'm a What I'm a let's let's fly. I send you and yours to heaven. You could get saved with it. It don't preach to me about the blood of Jesus when I cut his throat and I bathed in it. I'm afraid. What? Would I'm a let fly? Or send you and yours to heaven, you could get saved with it and don't preach to me about the blood of Jesus when I cut his throat and I bathed in it. I was grave digging on paid missions to slay niggas, and it was highly noted that I had that God pack. Wait till you get a whiff of this. It's omnipotent with a holly. Yeah. That was dope. And he said I got that god pack. Wait till you get a whip for this. It's omnipotent. What I highly noticed is you ain't a cracker because in your heart, you ain't got no hate for my con. But then again, you is a cracker because in your brain, you gonna push forward with a mind. Like, about to tell me that your rebuttal game crazy. And I bet it is because every time we express our feelings, y'all rebuttal is a sedative. Ain't nothing into hell it is. Into hell with this, because I won't stand for this shit. My hand on a blick. It blam, jam, damn, the can of a switch. The man I'm a hit is a man stan is a stan fan of a man of a bitch. So from you, I don't wanna hear none about them Jesus on the main lines when he answer that shit. Damn, I'm a flip. Because now he on a pavement abrasive and his homie shaking. He quaking. I know he hate it. I love glizzies. I showed him naked. He baked it. Yo. I know he quaking. I'm glizzies, but I showed him naked. He baking. They ate engraved in maple wood. It looked like bacon. So don't tell me. So don't tell me God don't like ugly when he made Viola Davis. Who you enslave He's bacon. The egg engraved maple wood. It looked like bacon. So don't tell me guys don't like ugly, and he made viola David. Who you enslaving with your hive mind? Because I can find mine indeed, then shots released. And I left fresh prints because Carlton found God with speed. Nigga, I grew up on because Carlton found God with speed. Nigga, I hog tie your peeps, then start to separate them till I carved out a niche just like a commercial. No. It's like infomercial because it take a thousand to sow your seed. What do you mean? What do you mean? If I don't repent to your sender, I should start to quiver when my uncle rips up chefing in hell's kitchen for your soul until it's tender. I put them in a blender with sobs like Splendor, with this switcher, you vic our menssel, then I ship you. And when your Lord see two guys in a truck, you've been delivered pussy. I'm gonna shiver your timbers. What else? I'm gonna shiver your timbers. Uh-huh. Because I'm trying to make your date of demisele, your time of arrival, and it's primal. I'm talking put the sleeve over the arm. The switch is trouble. Brisk me shit.
