But if we know anything about Power Rangers, Tommy was the best cuz he was the white one.
And I don't mean to get into too many politics.
But this clown can fear me. I'm so glad to be back on Smack. I like being around you clearly.
But even more this weekend, I love the fact that the crowd can hear me.
Because y'all booked A Ward verse Christmas money.
You couldn't lace my shoes in this sport if bro tried.
We are not arch nemesis or rivals, Jack.
Y'all ever played that game where there's two statements that are a fact and one is a fib and you got to figure out? So have I.
Well, this next segment is something I like to call four truths, no lies.
You need Doc Row like you needed the Goonies to stay relevant and impress these people.
You dance out your punchlines to get reaction cuz your pen at best is decent in your career.
Your ceiling is mid tier and you have still yet to reach it.
And the devil already lost on the third day when God resurrected Jesus.
Let's execute it cuz I don't feel he's a great if it's a big card award name on a bill either way. But these guys are a dime a dozen.
You named yourself Jack. You should have known when it's up in the air, you will be replaced.
He is a disgrace.
This is Christmas money. They paid me for my presents. I took the deposit and went the mall.
I got my brother Cannon some action figures and comics.
My little nephew a Oklahoma jersey. My little niece got the dollhouse.
This is Christmas money.
Y'all got me battling someone who raps first at events and has a medical illness where he faints. What's that all about?
The reason I say battling like this is getting Christmas money cuz he opened a card and it fall out.
Meanwhile, I strike from the soul like a tap dancer.
They said they was going to wire me a little bag. I said he been losing weight. That better be a fat transfer.
I just battled all T-Top gun bars. The devil gunning bad answer.
If I just had a breakthrough with concrete, you think I'm worried about jackhammer?
This is bad grammar.
Right now you in for war. But they said man he act crazy so you got to be locked in the mental ward.
It's a sermon now.
You have no pressure in battle rap. There's no expectations. They don't expect you to deliver a perfect round. Your spot, it's easy from there. Like German Town.
I couldn't celebrate my birthday on Wednesday cuz I was writing your eulogy.
After this, we going to burn the town. We going to turn up for my 40.
And for you, a 40 going to be turning it down.
