I said want nothing good about that round but the rebuttals.
So you know I'm cold, [ __ ] said he could be in two places at once and I'm the devil. As above, so below.
I said able able.
Your op is mine and the devil a room raider cuz in the light and out the light you're not the same.
You preach bread and wine but to get bread and wine is government assistance and that's a toxic gain.
So able able to be numb to your hypocrisy, your brother needed that lighter cane.
I am not a gay.
I am not a gay.
So I'm throwing bullets out of the shelves so you can't see straight and so pale he look like freebase.
And then to hell with you for peep sake cuz your devil want you to cheer him cuz your god want you to cheer him and to fear him.
What you don't see is when my god know I don't fear nothing but my mama belt in the DA.
You going bleed.
And you going to bleed.
You and your Jesus in that steep manger cuz I keep bangers off of waves and smiles like a complete stranger.
Then I mail you out just to rebate you. This from under the table like cheap labor.
This fifth in your back like a jeep wrangler.
And I could transform it when I put this Tommy right beside Kimmy. He a big ranger.
You in complete danger when the heat raise up.
So with this shot of you stuck, it's like Anthony Hopkins cuz whatever I took part in they gonna dolly me up.
Try if you want, I grew up on Tina Marie in a variety of funk.
So when they asked the devil how do you praise Jesus? I said everybody get up.
Die if you won't cuz like Enoch to heaven you'll be the first to make it alive.
It's like your day lit and then the play switch cuz you was placed in a bond.
I'mma make him a shrine. You see his face glitch like mom's and I got a tool kit cuz I was trying to get white boy wasted with Plies.
I'll hurt thee. I'll send your shoes flying like Percy.
And you can praise God on nurse keep, [ __ ] the devil went from VA to New York and made the leagues dry out early.
We go hard in Purgatory.
And as for Trap House New York, I let God have mercy.
And y'all going to curse me because the devil likes God too. I'm just not the sheep.
We both make bread, but I got the wheat. I spray the color and I block the bleach.
