I said Kimzy Kimmy Kimmy.
Welcome to hell.
Well smack let me do what I want.
So I tend to stretch minds.
And y'all church vans got chrysen biases.
And y'all burn [censored] like that vet shine.
Y'all John John 316 all of y'all women and bullpin your best dimes.
So I welcome you and your Glock 40 [censored] cuz for that minor [censored] hell got tech n
What I'mma let fly I send you and yours to heaven.
You could get saved with it.
And don't preach to me about the blood of Jesus when I cut his throat and I bathed in it.
I was gravedigging on paid missions to slay [censored].
And it was highly noted that I had that God pack.
Wait till you get a whiff of this.
Is omnipotent with a
They said I got that God pack.
Wait till you get a whip for this.
It's only potent.
What I highly notice is you ain't a cracker cuz in your heart you ain't got no hate for my kind.
But then again you is a cracker cuz in your brain you going to push forward with their mind.
Like you about to tell me that your rebuttal came crazy.
And I bet it is cuz every time we express our feelings y'all rebuttal is a sedative.
And into hell it is into hell with this.
Cuz I won't stand for this [censored] my hand on a blick and blam jam.
Damn. The can I'm a switch.
The man I'm a hit is a man stand.
It's a stand fan of a man of a [censored].
So from you I don't want to hear none about them Jesus on the main lines when he ain't answer that [censored].
Damn I'm a flip.
Cuz now he on a pavement abrasive and his homie shaking he quaking.
I knew he hated up gizzies.
I showed him naked. He basic.
But I showed him Nathan. He bacon.
That engraved in maple wood it look like bacon.
So don't tell me God don't like ugly when he made Viola Davis who you enslave?
He bacon. The eight engraving maple wood it look like bacon.
So don't tell me God don't like ugly and he made Viola Davis who you enslaving with your hive mind?
Cuz I can find mine indeed.
Then shots released and I left Fresh Prince cuz Carlton found God with speed.
[censored] I grew up on.
Cuz Carlton found God with speed.
[censored] I hog tie your peeps then start to separate them till I carved out a niche.
Just like a commercial. No it's like infomercial.
Cuz it take a thousand to sew your seed.
What do you mean? What do you mean?
If I don't repent to your cinder I should start to quiver.
With my uncle chefing in hell's kitchen for your soul until it's tender.
I put them in a blender with subs like splendor with this switcher.
You vicel then I ship you.
And when your Lord see two guys in a trunk you've been delivered [censored].
I'm going to shiver your timbers.
Cuz I'm trying to make your data demazle your time of arrival and it's primal.
I'm talking put the sleeve over the arm.
The switch is trial.
Wristmanship.
